>> Sarah Drasner: So what this course is,
it is an introductory course.
If you are super Vue expert this
course is gonna be way review for you.
We are really starting from the basics.
It assumes no prior
framework experience at all.
So it's the stuff to get you going.
We're gonna cover so much ground today.
We're even gonna cover routing.
We're gonna cover directives.
We're gonna cover methods,
computed, watchers.
We're gonna dig in a little bit to
what's happening behind the scenes.
Not too far, but
just giving you the breadth of all
of the things available to you.
How to set things up with the CLI,
how to build out components.
So really, as much information
as I can give you in a day,
so that you can get
building things right away.
And if you need to do deep
dives into any specific area,
you can do that on your own.
Also Evan Nu is gonna give
an advanced class in a few months.
So if you're more interested in
continuing your information,
that's coming up as well.
We have a lot of exercises
to help you learn.
I'm gonna do some live coding, but,
mostly, I just have demo
after demo after demo.
And these are all collected for you.
So they're available in the slide decks,
and they're also available
in the CodePen collections.
The reason why I chose to do it that way
is because if you watch these videos and
then later on are trying to work and
be productive.
I want you to be able to go
exactly to that demo that you saw.
And look at the code there instead of
having to go rewatch me talking and
live coding for you.
So I try to keep them in
these small chunks, so
that all those resources are readily
available for you to use.
And because I want you to see
the breadth of that material,
I'll sometimes go over the same
concept in a few different ways.
Because I don't want you to just get
used to that one way of working.
I want you to see how you can
make a comment form with it.
And then make another type of form, and
then make a list that you're rendering, or
make a first class thing.
So, just trying to get as much spread
of knowledge as humanly possible.
So that you get a deeper
understanding of how that's built.
So we're covering basic premises and
a couple of more advanced features.
We're gonna do some more
advanced work with animation.
We're gonna do stuff with
custom directives, and filters.
And mix ins that are a little
bit more advanced, but
just kinda covering the base ground more.
What we won't cover, we're not gonna
cover ES6 but we're gonna use it.
And the reason for that is that
ES6 is really a part of a modern
JavaScript development workflow now.
If there are pieces of ES6
that you don't know and
you're uncomfortable with,
I can come around during the breaks,
when you're doing the exercises and
kind of explain more.
But I'm gonna be a little bit assumptive
that you have some ES6 knowledge.
The details are something
that we're not gonna cover.
We're not gonna go super deep into like 1
tiny thing, so that we can spread out and
learn more information.
We're not gonna talk about deployment and
testing today,
because we're gonna talk
about everything else.
So I apologize that we can't get there,
but
we do actually have a full day of work.
And so
we're gonna be kept pretty busy here.
We're not going to cover edge cases for
that reason too.
We're just trying to get the widest
spread, so that you can get productive.
So before we start, the GitHub repo
that you probably already have, but
in case you don't is sdras/intro-to-vue.
In this, you'll see a bunch of different
smaller builds that we have here.
We have the Vue chrome devtools,
if you haven't already installed them,
you should do so now.
You don't have to get these
guys if you don't want to,
the chrome extension or
Vue sublime snippets.
But we are gonna be using CodePen today,
so you should get a free CodePen account.
Here are all of the slides
available to you as well.
They're password protected,
but the password's easy.
So you can always get in there,
and all the same.
I've made a collection of all of
the workshop materials in one place.
So anything that's not housed in this
repo exists in this materials collection.
Here's just a fun animation collection,
just in case you wanna
check out some of the more dazzling
things you can do with Vue.
For VueCLI resources,
we have an example build.
And we also have a more fun
demo that I'll go through.
We also have a set up, and
then we have next resources.
We have a whole bunch of them, and we
have a bunch of Vuex resources, as well.
And so that should get you going.
If you're not familiar with CodePen,
I'm just gonna do a really,
really quick lay of the land here.
I'll go here and go to create pen,
I can save this as private.
If I go into the JavaScript
tab by clicking on this here.
You can see that from this drop-down I
can select Babel as a pre-processor.
I suggest you do that,
you can also use type script or
whatever you feel comfortable with.
This is part of the reason why
I am using CodePen for this,
because before we cover the build
process you can get set up right away.
You can select the Vue
from this drop-down here.
But it's the minified prod version so
it won't give you warnings or dev tools.
So, in most of the Pen,
I've included the CDN version.
That's not the development version,
but I'll show you how you can use
the dev tools anyway if you have those.
But you can also just type,
we're gonna use Axios for
couple of different demos, you can just
type in there and it will auto-fill.
In CSS, I'm using SCSS and
normalizing autoprefixer.
You don't need to do that
if you don't want to.
That's just letting you know.
And this is a fork, so if you need
to work on some of the exercises,
you hit that Fork button and save it.
And then you can work for on your own.
If you don't fork it and save it,
then if you hit that debug window.
You actually won't be
seeing your own work.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: You mentioned Nuxt,
people are asking what that is?
>> Sarah Drasner: Nuxt,
I'm gonna go into more detail about Nuxt.
But we have a Vue CLI build, and that
build process will do a bunch of things.
It will concatenate and
build our files for
us with Webpack or Browser 5,
if you would like to use Browser 5.
There's another build process that we can
use available through a thing called Nuxt.
Nuxt offers server-side rendering,
and it's really fast.
So fast it's Lighthouse scores
out of gate are super high,
we're gonna go into detail about
all of these things, though.
So if you don't know what Nuxt is,
that's okay.
We're gonna cover all of
that in one of the sections.
All right, if for some reason or
whatever reason you are using a minified
version or if I've left a minified version
in one of the Pens, you can just
write vue.config.devtools = true.
And then you probably
have to hard refresh and
then the Vue devtools will start working.
So don't worry if you have
that minified prod version.
You can either go get the development
version or you can use this.
>> Sarah Drasner: Cool, all right,
so let's get started learning Vue.
We're gonna have a lot of fun today.